your cultural origin is East Asian
    you are Sneaky and deceptive
    your favorite dress code is Bohemian (Folksy, Retro, Free-spirited)
    your favorite hairstyle  is Long and straight
    People always notice your Strange contacts
    you value Friendship above all else
    when it comes to people this is what you think : People are wonderful!
    the person you value most is: A teacher or mentor and your most valued possession is A piece of clothing
    Family background
    Nomad Pack You had a mix of rugged trailers, vehicles, and huge road kombis for your home. You learned to drive and fight at an early age, but the family was always there to care for you. Food was actually fresh and abundant. Mostly home schooled. 
    Environnement
    In a Nomad pack with roots in transport (ships, planes, caravans).
    Your family is cursed with a hereditary feud,that has lasted for generations.
    Friends :none
    Enemies :This enemy is Government official he hates you for this reason You just don't like each other.
            they have the following means at their disposal Just themselves.
            Their revenge plan is Set them up for a crime or other transgression they didn't commit.
This enemy is Ex-friend,Ex-lover,Estranged relative,Childhood enemy he hates you for this reason Deserted or betrayed the other.
            they have the following means at their disposal A powerful gang lord or small Corporation.
            Their revenge plan is Set out to murder or maim them.
This enemy is Boosterganger he hates you for this reason One of you set the other up for a crime,they didn't commit.
            they have the following means at their disposal An entire city or government or agency.
            Their revenge plan is Set them up for a crime or other transgression they didn't commit.
    former lovers :none
    your lifegoal is : Live down your past life and try to forget it.
    ---------------------- ROLE ------------------------------
    Your Position within the force is Motor Patrol
Your group's jurisdiction is  Standard City Patrol Zone
Your group is Willing to bend any rules to get the bad guys.
Some one is Gunning for you : Street Criminals
Your group's Target of choice is  Street Crime

    
