your cultural origin is Oceania/Pacific Islander
    you are Stable and serious
    your favorite dress code is Bohemian (Folksy, Retro, Free-spirited)
    your favorite hairstyle  is Short and spiked
    People always notice your Spiked gloves
    you value Friendship above all else
    when it comes to people this is what you think : I stay neutral.
    the person you value most is: A parent and your most valued possession is A photograph
    Family background
    Corporate Technicians : Middle-middle class, with comfortable conapts or Beaverville suburban homes, minivans and corporate-run technical schools. Kind of like living 1950s America crossed with 1984. 
    Environnement
    Spent in a safe Corp Zone walled off from the rest of the City.
    You are the inheritor of a family debt; you must,honor this debt before moving on with your life.
    Friends :none
    Enemies :This enemy is Person you work for he hates you for this reason You just don't like each other.
            they have the following means at their disposal An entire city or government or agency.
            Their revenge plan is Backstab them indirectly.
This enemy is Boosterganger he hates you for this reason Caused the other to lose face or status.
            they have the following means at their disposal A powerful Corporation.
            Their revenge plan is Verbally attack them.
This enemy is Person you work for he hates you for this reason Accused the other of cowardice or some other,major personal flaw.
            they have the following means at their disposal A powerful gang lord or small Corporation.
            Their revenge plan is Go into a murderous rage and try to physically rip their face off.
    former lovers :none
    your lifegoal is : Get rid of a bad reputation.
    ---------------------- ROLE ------------------------------
    Scavenger
Do you have a partner or do you work alone ?
you are solo
workspace Only you understand your filing system.
some of your clients are You work for yourself and sell what you invent/repair.
you get your supplies this way :  Strip parts from bodies after firefights.
Someone is gunning for you  Rival Tech trying to steal your customers.

    
