your cultural origin is Sub saharan African
    you are Stable and serious
    your favorite dress code is Nomad Leathers (Western, Rugged, Tribal)
    your favorite hairstyle  is Wild and all over
    People always notice your Strange contacts
    you value Love above all else
    when it comes to people this is what you think : People are wonderful!
    the person you value most is: A brother or sister and your most valued possession is A photograph
    Family background
    Corporate Managers : Well to do, with large homes, safe neighborhoods, nice cars, etc. Sometimes your parent(s) would hire servants, although this was rare. You had a mix of private and corporate education. 
    Environnement
    In the ruins of a deserted town or city taken over by Reclaimers.
    Your family was scattered to the winds due to,misfortune.
    Friends :An old enemy.
A former lover.
Someone you know from The Street.
    Enemies :This enemy is Boosterganger he hates you for this reason One of you was a romantic rival.,One of you was a business rival.
            they have the following means at their disposal Just themselves.
            Their revenge plan is Go into a murderous rage and try to physically rip their face off.
This enemy is Person working for you he hates you for this reason Deserted or betrayed the other.
            they have the following means at their disposal Just themselves and even they won't go out of their way.
            Their revenge plan is Go into a murderous rage and try to physically rip their face off.
This enemy is Partner or coworker,Corporate exec he hates you for this reason One of you set the other up for a crime,they didn't commit.
            they have the following means at their disposal The local cops or other Lawmen.
            Their revenge plan is Set out to murder or maim them.
    former lovers :none
    your lifegoal is : Get off The Street no matter what it takes.
    ---------------------- ROLE  ------------------------------
    You Are a Netrunner
Freelancer who will hack for hire.
Do you have a partner or do you work alone ?
you are solo
workspace It looks better in Virtuality, you swear.
some of your clients are Local Solos or other combat types who use you to keep their personal systems, secure.
you get your programs this way :  Have a local Fixer supply programs in exchange for hack work.
Someone is gunning for you  Lawmen who consider you an illegal "black hat" and want to bust you.

    
