your name is azeaze and You Are a Solo
you are a Local Vigilante for Hire
your moral compass is Willing to bend the rules (and the law) to get the job done.
you operate in The territory of a single Corporation
Someone is gunning for you A Corporation you may have angered.


          -this is your lifepath :

    your cultural origin is Oceania/Pacific Islander
    you are Sneaky and deceptive
    your favorite dress code is Generic Chic (Standard, Colorful, Modular)
    your favorite hairstyle  is Mohawk
    People always notice your Strange contacts
    you value Family above all else
    when it comes to people this is what you think : I hate almost everyone.
    the person you value most is: A teacher or mentor and your most valued possession is A tool
    Family background
    Corporate Technicians : Middle-middle class, with comfortable conapts or Beaverville suburban homes, minivans and corporate-run technical schools. Kind of like living 1950s America crossed with 1984. 
    Environnement
    In a decaying, once upscale neighborhood,now holding off the boosters to survive.
    Your family lost everything through bad,management.
    Friends :none
    Enemies :This enemy is Government official he hates you for this reason One of you set the other up for a crime,they didn't commit.
        they have the following means at their disposal An entire gang 9 people.
        Their revenge plan is Set out to murder or maim them.
This enemy is Ex-friend,Ex-lover,Estranged relative,Childhood enemy he hates you for this reason Caused a major public humiliation.
        they have the following means at their disposal A powerful gang lord or small Corporation.
        Their revenge plan is Set them up for a crime or other transgression they didn't commit.
This enemy is Boosterganger he hates you for this reason Accused the other of cowardice or some other,major personal flaw.
        they have the following means at their disposal An entire gang 9 people.
        Their revenge plan is Verbally attack them.
    former lovers :none
    your lifegoal is : Get rid of a bad reputation.

          