your name is Ambrose and You Are a RockerBoy
Slam Poet
are you a solo or  are you in a group?
you are in a group
were you once in a group ?
the type of venue you perform in is Alternative Cafes
the person gunning for you is Critic or other "influencer" trying to bring you down.


          -this is your lifepath :

    your cultural origin is Sub saharan African
    you are Intellectual and detached
    your favorite dress code is Bag Lady Chic (Homeless, Ragged, Vagrant)
    your favorite hairstyle  is Long and straight
    People always notice your Spiked gloves
    you value Friendship above all else
    when it comes to people this is what you think : People are obstacles to be destroyed if they cross me.
    the person you value most is: A teacher or mentor and your most valued possession is A weapon
    Family background
    Combat Zoners :  A step up from a gang "family," your home was a decaying building somewhere in the ‘Zone', heavily fortified. You were hungry at times, but regularly could score a bed and a meal. Home schooled. 
    Environnement
    In a Nomad pack moving from place to place.
    Your family lost everything through bad,management.
    Friends :Someone with a common interest or goal.
A former lover.
    Enemies :This enemy is Partner or coworker,Corporate exec he hates you for this reason Caused a major public humiliation.
        they have the following means at their disposal The local cops or other Lawmen.
        Their revenge plan is Backstab them indirectly.
This enemy is Ex-friend,Ex-lover,Estranged relative,Childhood enemy he hates you for this reason Turned down the other's offer of a job or,romantic involvement.
        they have the following means at their disposal A powerful gang lord or small Corporation.
        Their revenge plan is Set out to murder or maim them.
    former lovers :Your lover mysteriously vanished.
A rival cut you out of the action.
Your lover committed suicide.
    your lifegoal is : Get off The Street no matter what it takes.

          