your name is Brandy and You Are a Nomad
Your pack is A single extended tribe or family
your family is Land based they their type is  Smuggling
Your role within the pack is Outrider (protection, weapons)
Your pack's overall philosophy is Rival Packs in the same businesses
Someone is gunning for you  Dirty Cops


          -this is your lifepath :

    your cultural origin is Middle Eastern
    you are Arrogant, proud, and aloof
    your favorite dress code is Asia Pop (Bright, Costume-like, Youthful)
    your favorite hairstyle  is Wild colors
    People always notice your Strange fingernail implants
    you value Your word above all else
    when it comes to people this is what you think : People are tools. Use them for your own goals then discard them.
    the person you value most is: A brother or sister and your most valued possession is A letter
    Family background
    Megastructure Warren Rats l You grew up in one of the huge new megastructures that went up after the War. A tiny conapt, kibble and scop for food, a mostly warm bed. Some better educated adult warren dwellers or a local Corporation may have set up a school. 
    Environnement
    In a Nomad pack with roots in transport (ships, planes, caravans).
    Your family is cursed with a hereditary feud,that has lasted for generations.
    Friends :none
    Enemies :This enemy is Ex-friend,Ex-lover,Estranged relative,Childhood enemy he hates you for this reason Caused a major public humiliation.
        they have the following means at their disposal Themselves and 2 friends.
        Their revenge plan is Avoid the scum.
This enemy is Ex-friend,Ex-lover,Estranged relative,Childhood enemy he hates you for this reason Turned down the other's offer of a job or,romantic involvement.
        they have the following means at their disposal An entire city or government or agency.
        Their revenge plan is Avoid the scum.
This enemy is Boosterganger he hates you for this reason Accused the other of cowardice or some other,major personal flaw.
        they have the following means at their disposal Themselves and 5 friends.
        Their revenge plan is Verbally attack them.
    former lovers :none
    your lifegoal is : Get rid of a bad reputation.

          