your cultural origin is Oceania/Pacific Islander
    you are Intellectual and detached
    your favorite dress code is Generic Chic (Standard, Colorful, Modular)
    your favorite hairstyle  is Short and curly
    People always notice your piercings
    you value Honesty above all else
    when it comes to people this is what you think : People are wonderful!
    the person you value most is: A parent and your most valued possession is A piece of jewelry
    Family background
    Ganger "Family" : A savage, violent home in any place the gang could take over. You were usually hungry, cold, and scared. You probably didn't know who your actual parents were. Education? The Gang taught you how to fight, kill, and steal—what else did you need to know? 
    Environnement
    Ran on The Street, with no adult supervision.
    Your family was killed, and you were the only,survivor.
    Friends :none
    Enemies :This enemy is Person working for you he hates you for this reason Accused the other of cowardice or some other,major personal flaw.
            they have the following means at their disposal Just themselves.
            Their revenge plan is Set out to murder or maim them.
This enemy is Partner or coworker,Corporate exec he hates you for this reason Caused the loss of lover friend, or relative.
            they have the following means at their disposal Just themselves and even they won't go out of their way.
            Their revenge plan is Verbally attack them.
This enemy is Government official he hates you for this reason Caused a major public humiliation.
            they have the following means at their disposal Themselves and 4 friends.
            Their revenge plan is Set out to murder or maim them.
    former lovers :none
    your lifegoal is : Live down your past life and try to forget it.
    ---------------------- ROLE ------------------------------
    you are a Bodysculptor
you have a partner :  Family member
workspace comfortable to you.
some of your clients are Local Fixers who send you clients.
you get your supplies this way :  Have a local Fixer bring you supplies in exchange for medical work.

    
